[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: The first bit I'm
gonna show you is this tool, Locust.
Which we're gonna use to beat up on that
Elastic Beanstalk instance that we created
yesterday with our TodoMVC application.
So the first bit that you're gonna
want to note about using Locust is if
you're on a if you're on a Mac or
if you're on an operating system that
limits the number of open files that
any process can have at any given time.
You are going to need to raise
that limit to use to use Locust.
Because it does open a file
on the file system for
every simulated user that it
throws against your system.
On a Mac,
the command to do that is ulimit -n 1000.
And that,
in the context of this terminal session,
will raise the possible open files to you,
in this case, 1000.
You can raise it up a little
bit more from there.
But it has to be more than
however many concurrent users
you want to test in your application.
If you haven't installed Locust,
the easiest way to do it
is to pip install locust.
I think it might be actually locustio,
one of those two.
And it'll be installed using
the pip package manager.
And once you have it installed on your
system, you'll have this command called
locust, to which you will pass a host
that you want to test against.
And it'll run a simulated load against
the server that you pass in this command.
But before you do that, you have to
create something called a locust file.
And I have a very simple one
here that's going to generate
a whole bunch of requests.
And push a whole bunch of fake
data into our todo's database.
So at the core of this is a user behavior,
something, a Python class
called a UserBehavior.
And that class has a set of tasks that
it can execute against your website.
So with each of these Python functions,
they are passed an instance
of the of the Locust object.
And each Locust object has a HTTP client,
which you can use to
send a POST request or
a GET request to the host your choosing.
And you can also pass in parameters, like
in this case, I'm generating some fake
text to put into the TODO items.
It's another package called faker
which generates some fake data,
some lorem ipsum text it'll
insert into a TODO list item.
Then will set the completed for
each of these items to false.
And then the other action we
have is a read against our API.
Which will, by default, grab the last
1,000 TODO items from the database.
In our behavior, we define that for
every 1 create operation,
we wanna execute 5 reads.
And you can, in your Python code,
kind of tweak this to be as close to
an actual usage scenario for
a user of your site as you possibly can.
>> Speaker 2: Question?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Do they,
>> Speaker 2: Have any safeguards in
the tool to prevent you from
doing nefarious things with this?
It seems like you could-
>> Kevin Whinnery: Like denial of service?
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Not in the tool, no.
I mean, I think most applications
probably will blacklist an IP eventually,
like if it seems to be
involved in some evil-doing.
But generally, yeah,
I guess it's not a Locust problem.
It's more of our problem
as application developers.
But that's its job,
its job is to simulate high
amounts of load against an application.
So,
>> Kevin Whinnery: So here we have,
in the WebsiteUser class,
we set our task to be some
kind of UserBehavior.
And then we specify a min and
a max wait time.
Which will, in milliseconds,
determine a lower bound and
an upper bound between requests from
this simulated user in the application.
And there's a ton more that you can do.
You can send login requests.
You can,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Excuse me,
[INAUDIBLE] shut these down here.
You can send login requests so you can
get authentication cookies back and
execute authenticated requests.
There's lots of different ways you
can configure this simulated session.
So once we have our Locust file generated,
we're going to use
the locust command to target this
this todomvc-plusplus instance
running on elasticbeanstalk
in the us-west-2 region.
So when we start that up, that's going
to start a local web server that
can open up here in my browser,
>> Kevin Whinnery: On
port 8089,
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
it's gonna ask us for two things.
It's gonna be the number
of users to simulate.
And the hatch rate,
which is how often users
are added to the list of users that
are gonna be spamming our application.
So for starters, maybe we'll start
with something relatively small.
For 100 users hatching
at a rate of 10 /second.
We're going to launch that load at
our website and see how we're doing.
So as we are executing the test, and
we can execute it for as long as we like,
we see the number of requests going
into our GET and our POST endpoints.
It starts to mount slowly over time.
And with 100 users on prior tests,
I think it tops out,
with these settings,
it'll be around 20, 25 requests/second.
And we can see the min and
the max time for
a response, and
that time is in milliseconds.
And then we can look at the average and
the median response times from the server,
as well.
So for a load like this one,
our server is usually able to respond
in a reasonable amount of time.
The POSTed TODOS, where you create
a new one, is quite a bit faster,
returning in an average of
about 127 milliseconds.
But that read because I have
been spamming this quite a bit,
there are quite a few
records in the database.
It's a little bit slower,
at about 400 milliseconds on average.
And it's creeping up a little
bit already as we're starting
to tax our Elastic Beanstalk
instances a little bit more.
But our instances do stay up.
We haven't seen any failures or
500s yet, so that is a good thing.
Now to see what's kind of happening
on the other end of this.
Let's go into the Elastic Beanstalk
administrative interface.
If we look at the Health section,
here, we can take a look
at what's actually going on with the EC2
instances that are serving this traffic.
So right now,
with our scaling rules as they are,
we only have a single instance which
is serving all of this traffic.
And its CPU utilization is
hovering at right around 50%.
So at the moment,
this single instance is not having too
much trouble keeping up with the load.
Although, our average response
times do keep creeping up.
So that's probably something
that we could investigate.
And if we turn up the heat a little bit,
then we can start to see where our
application is going to break down.
So I'll stop this test,
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
I'll create a new one.
And this time,
we'll simulate 900 concurrent users,
maybe hatching at a rate
of about 25 /second.
Which is going to really
start taxing our poor little
t2.micro instance running on
Elastic Beanstalk right now.
So we can already see the average
response times going way
up as our single instance
struggles to keep up with what is
a pretty heavy load for
its current configuration.
And if we go back over here to our
Health check, we can see, yeah.
It's already starting to
blow up a little bit.
Our CPU usage has crept up to about 92%.
So it's starting to be
taxed a little more.
But what we should see, in a minute or so,
is Elastic Beanstalk
reacting to this situation.
And our auto scaling group is
actually gonna provision another
instance of our application to
start serving this traffic.
It does take a minute, but
we can configure those preferences.
I've actually been messing
around with this a little bit.
And this is something that you
can do as your load testing your
application to see like what
kind of scaling criteria you
can bring to bear to ensure
a consistent response times.
So if I look at the scaling configuration,
I can take a look at my auto scaling,
>> Kevin Whinnery: My auto
scaling options.
I fiddled with these a little
bit from the default.
The default was having a minimum of 1
instance available and a maximum of 4.
I tuned up the maximum instances to 6, and
I also tuned down the scaling cooldown.
60 seconds is gonna be far too short.
But I wanted to make sure we saw some
more instances getting provisioned
during the test here.
So this is basically the delay time.
So after some condition is
reached where it's decided that
another instance needs to be provisioned,
this is the cooldown in
seconds that Amazon will for
sure wait until it provisions another
instance to start serving traffic.
In the Scaling Triggers,
these you'll want to tune based
on what you're able to discover
about your application.
The default settings look at
the amount of data that you're pushing
out over the network.
But there's other bits here, as well.
The one that we might take
a look at using, instead, for
this application is maybe CPU utilization.
Where we could take a look at the upper
threshold which would be maybe like 90.
We can change the unit of
measurement to percent.
So if the CPU threshold reaches 90 or 80%,
that's when we'd actually start looking
at spinning up another instance.
And then we can also set
the lower threshold for
when it's time to rotate an instance out.
So I'll cancel that for now,
head back to the dashboard.
And what we should see,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Our environment is
okay, but
as more instances are being available,
Locust is going to continue to suck up
the ability to pepper them with requests.
And we can see their average
response time is now up to
about 17 seconds on average,
which is not awesome.
But to help spread the load a little bit,
we do have another instance that was just
brought brought on line two minutes ago.
And it looks like it hasn't started
serving very much traffic, yet.
Must have been provisioned recently, but
now it is up to 92% utilization, as well.
So we're gonna probably,
at this level of load, max out each of
these tiny little servers pretty quick.
But the good news is
we're not falling over.
We have, well,
it looks like we have had some failures.
Quite at quite a few,
actually, at this level.
At the lower levels I was testing,
I wasn't actually seeing any failures.
But that's what you want
to start to check and
see like at what level your application
is gonna start to break down.
And what we can look at,
when we have the failures over here,
is the error that we're getting from the
HTTP client which is running the request.
Here we can see, we have a 504 error
against our Elastic Beanstalk instance.
Which is probably related
to just not having the,
time-outs are happening because we've
just lack the capacity to service
the number of requests that
are coming up against the service.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
based on our criteria,
we'll probably continue to
provision instances up until 6.
But the primary thing I wanted
to show here was the ability to
use this tool to at least
understand how much traffic your
website can take before it is
completely brought to its knees.
>> Kevin Whinnery: There are a few random
statistics out there that you can find.
Like OpenStreetMap serves about
10 to 20 requests/second.
There are a lot of sites which serve
actually quite a bit more across many
thousands of servers.
But based on your site's traffic,
you can ensure that,
at certain levels of concurrent users,
you're gonna remain
available at that level.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So that is Locust.
I will let my poor Elastic Beanstalk
instance relax a little bit.
But after a test like this, we see that
with the size of the instances we have,
we definitely become CPU-bound really
fast at those high levels of traffic.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So that is Locust.
It's, again, my favorite tool that I found
for doing this kind of load testing stuff.
Definitely recommend
that you check it out.